Add Shunt Cal API support for nidaqmx-python (#469)
ni/nidaqmx-python: CHANGELOG.md

All notable changes to this project will be documented in this file.

## 0.9.1
* ### Merged Pull Requests
    *  ...
* ### Major Changes

>     * Fix naming issues. `AAND_B` is now `A_AND_B`,  `R_1` is now `R1`,  `R_2` is now `R2`,  `R_3` is now `R3` and  `R_4` is now `R4`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    * Add support for strain calibration (offset nulling and shunt calibration)
    * Fix naming issues:
      * Rename `ShuntCalSelect.AAND_B` to `A_AND_B`.
```

No need to mention R_1 etc. because they didn't exist before this release.

FYI @DeborahOoi96 one bullet can cover both strain cal features
